The list of sentences sorted according to the number of words in them:

1) The if-then Statement
2) The if-then-else Statement
3) The if-then and if-then-else Statements
4) Omitting them can make the code more brittle.
5) The output from the program is: "Grade = C".
6) One possible implementation of the applyBrakes method could be as follows:
7) Deciding when to omit the braces is a matter of personal taste.
8) The if-then statement is the most basic of all the control flow statements.
9) The compiler cannot catch this sort of error; you'll just get the wrong results.
10) In addition, the opening and closing braces are optional, provided that the "then" clause contains only one statement:
11) The if-then-else statement provides a secondary path of execution when an "if" clause evaluates to false.
12) It tells your program to execute a certain section of code only if a particular test evaluates to true.
13) In this case, the action is to simply print an error message stating that the bicycle has already stopped.
14) However, once a condition is satisfied, the appropriate statements are executed (grade = 'C';) and the remaining conditions are not evaluated.
15) For example, the Bicycle class could allow the brakes to decrease the bicycle's speed only if the bicycle is already in motion.
16) If a second statement is later added to the "then" clause, a common mistake would be forgetting to add the newly required braces.
17) If this test evaluates to false (meaning that the bicycle is not in motion), control jumps to the end of the if-then statement.
18) You may have noticed that the value of testscore can satisfy more than one expression in the compound statement: 76 >= 70 and 76 >= 60.
19) You could use an if-then-else statement in the applyBrakes method to take some action if the brakes are applied when the bicycle is not in motion.
20) The following program, IfElseDemo, assigns a grade based on the value of a test score: an A for a score of 90% or above, a B for a score of 80% or above, and so on.

The list of sentences (original order) with the excluded substring of maximum length that starts with 'f' char and ends with 'm' char:

1) The ients
2) The ient
3) The ients.
4) It tells your program to execute a certain section of code only if a particular test evaluates to true.
5) For example, the Bicycle class could allow the brakes to decrease the bicycle's speed only iotion.
6) One possible implementation oethod could be as follows:
7) Ient.
8) In addition, the opening and closing braces are optional, provided that the "then" clause contains only one statement:
9) Deciding when to omit the braces is a matter of personal taste.
10) Omitting them can make the code more brittle.
11) Iistake would be forgetting to add the newly required braces.
12) The compiler cannot catch this sort of error; you'll just get the wrong results.
13) The ient
14) The ient provides a secondary path of execution when an "if" clause evaluates to false.
15) You could use an iotion.
16) In this case, the action is to simply print an error message stating that the bicycle has already stopped.
17) The o, assigns a grade based on the value of a test score: an A for a score of 90% or above, a B for a score of 80% or above, and so on.
18) The output  is: "Grade = C".
19) You may have noticed that the value oent: 76 >= 70 and 76 >= 60.
20) However, once a condition is satisaining conditions are not evaluated.
